feat(browser): add Browser.BrowserType() method (#14468)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-browser.md

* Browser application is closed or crashed.
* The [`method: Browser.close`] method was called.

## method: Browser.browserType
- returns: <[BrowserType]>

> Get the browserType that the browser belongs to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the browser type (chromium, firefox or webkit) that the browser belongs to.
```
